# Meeting Minutes - 15/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | Steph Pratt |
| Chris Bodger | Alex Ollman |
| Ben Healey | |

---

## Agenda
1. Project Update
   * Startup time
   * Concept sketch
2. Requirements sign-off.
3. ConOps sign-off.

---

## 1. Project Update
* 

---

## 2. Requirements sign-off
* A few benchmarks changed.
* Reprioritised specifications on Requirement 8.

---

## 3. ConOps sign-off
* Ben is happy with it (verbal confirmation)
* Will draw up a small contract to get electronically signed by stakeholders.

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * Check into getting boot time down (with automatic on/off switch), or alternatively have sleep mode.
* Steph to:
  * Follow up with Ben on where he purchased his LEDs (Ben has made a note to follow this up himself).
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * Draw up a contract to sign-off on the ConOps.
* All:
  * Next client meeting (25/8) will be at 4-5pm due to room availability.
