# Meeting Minutes - 28/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Jenny Simmons | |
| Chris Browne | |
| Shadow Team | |

---

## Agenda
1. Audit Presentation

---

## 1. Questions
* Hygeine taken into consideration?
  * Yes, as long as it is able to be wiped.
  * In the requirements.
  * Post-processing techniques for PLA available.
    * Have the options for that.
* How to address high BMI issues and deep veins:
  * Going to try different wavelengths of nIR light.
* Plans for testing?
  * Nothing concrete yet, but will be completed soon.

---

## Additional Feedback
* Maintain perspective on keeping the project going once we have done.
  * Looking at how to have a high impact.

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * 
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * 
