# Meeting Minutes 3/10/18

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |

## Agenda
1. Documentation for wrapping up.
   * Testing
   * Final design documents and tutorial
   * Start drafting
2. Poster 
   * Layout
   * Posters need to be submitted in PDF on wattle Friday before showcase (next friday)
   * aim to make the poster a conversation starter
   * Min font size 24pt
   * Organise QR code
3. Other materials to start organising for the showcase
   * Get a table at the showcase
   * Need screen similar to open day
4. ConOps sent off to Ben - will wait for feedback to send to Jenny
5. Audit 3 presentation to dos
   * things to get up to date?

---

## 1. Documentation
* 

---

## 2. Poster Layout
* 

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * 
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * 
