# Meeting Minutes 19/9/18

## Agenda
1. Audit feedback
   * Alternative printing and resin coating
   * Wireless charging
   * Need to update casing iterations into the decision log
   * Start using feedback forms in our internal testing and feedback from Ben
   * Document why certain things in the project are taking priority - need to add a summary of research decisions into decision log
   * Work on consulting external opinions regarding the hardware/software development
   * Rotating roles
   * Actionable and Issues on Github need to be kept up to date
   * Feedback from Jenny that there are some gaps in the repository that have been present for a while
   * More regular commits of software updates in the repository
   * Clearly state the goals of the project going forward - probably need to update feedback

---

## 1. Audit Feedback
* Resin coating optional extra. Not a priority.
* Magnets could interfere with wireless charging. Future development.
* Actionables to be added to issues after meetings.
* Goals:
  * Prioritise manual adjustment
  * Checking different wavelength LEDs
  * Will be updated with new ConOps
  * Tutorial and user-feedback form for testing when ethics is approved

---

## Hardware Update
* Might integrate 12 LEDs instead of 6.
  * If 3 LEDs has good results.

---

## Software Update
* Manual Adjustment or Image Processing?
  * Prioritise manual adjustments.
    * Hue, saturation, etc.
    * Changing the power levels of different wavelength LEDs.

---

## TGA Feedback
* We are considered the manufacturer (aligning with EU law)
* If we reframe the device and repurpose it as just an IR camera then we wouldn't be manufacturers as it wouldn't be a medical device.

---

## For Client Meeting
* Examine rebranding options (educational or other).

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * Update 3D printing design changes between versions.
* Steph to:
  * Update decision log with research decisions.
* Alex to:
  * Update decision log with software decisions.
  * Upload poster template to Drive.
* Joey to:
  * Put actionables into Issues at the end of meetings.
* All:
  * Draft changes to ConOps and Website in terms of scope.
