# Meeting Minutes - 8/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | Alex Ollman |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |

---

## Agenda
* Review WBS and schedule
* Refine requirements so that we have a well documented set
* Refine and clarify stakeholders (including patients and medical professionals
* Everyone needs to complete their team and shadow feedback
* Add to roles - Steph to do be Research Lead? Any other volunteers?
* To research 
  * hospital policy and venous puncture procedures
    * potential environments/situations where we might not be able to use the equipment
  * medical device requirements and certification
  * AccuVein (the expensive product) how it works and why its so expensive
  * any other products that do a similar job or any other projects
  * Someone should probably document clearly exactly what was completed by the Venenfinder HackADay project
    * would like to have this for next audit so we can make it more clear what we are doing vs what has been done
* Who's going to be in charge of audit feedback?
* Chris Browne mentioned making out landing page more public friendly - like if someone other than the tutors wanted to follow the project
  * pictures
  * timelines
  * Progress Update - already got, I think we should make someone in charge of updating this every few days
* Any feedback yet? (Google Form)

---

## WBS Review
* Added research work package
  * Steph to lead and divi up sections.
* Chris and Alex to break down hardware/software if they need to.

---

## New Goals (to discuss with Ben)
* Embedded screen vs external (having the option for both would be ideal).
* Chassis added to baseline (adjustable stand to remain stretch goal).
* Add decision making document to discuss tradeoffs.
* Make clear what was achieved by Venenfinder and how our goals add to that.

---

## Formal Requirements
* Can use as a decision making document for design tradeoffs
* Steph to draft formal table of requirements
* Once we reach baseline we can use decision making process on what "stretch" goals we start working on.

---

## Stakeholders
* Add patients and users.
* Could help to address them by making the project page more public (similar to a kickstarter), add pictures, make goal/purpose more clear.

---

## Feedback
* Alex to share access to the google forms: add it to supplementary repository.
* Audit feedback from Wattle: Chris will create issues based on content.
