# Meeting Minutes 22/9/18

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | Chris Bodger |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Ben Healey | |


## Agenda
1. Project Update
   * Hardware
   * Software
2. Rebranding

---

## 1. Project Update
* Hardware
  * Testing the LEDs to check the brightness before printing again.
  * Could cut losses and attempt something like a laser cut box (or something else).
  * Prioritising getting something to Ben next week for him to provide feedback.
* Software
  * Prioritise manual controls
     * Whether that be sliders or option selection.

---

## 2. Rebranding
* Ben happy with the educational route.
  * State that it has not been approved for medical use.
  * Lets the project remain open-source.
* Alternatively say it's for something else but we've looked at it for educational purposes.
  * Renaming it is also an option.

---

## Additional Feedback
* Device hardware/software and use instructions should have higher priority than other documentation.

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * LED testing leading to a final case design and last print attempt.
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * Add frame rate discoveries to decision log.
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * Have something to give Ben next week, in either a new case or old case.
