# Meeting Minutes - 15/9/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt (called in) | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Ben Healey | |

---

## Agenda
1. Project Update.
   * Waiting on more PLA.
   * Stream working, implementing java.
   * Preliminary testing documents
2. Concerns about some bureaucratic aspects of the project.

---

## 1. Project Update
* Works on boot.
* Using different wavelength of LEDs to overcome difficult use cases.
  * Implementing different LEDs and change intensity to optimise for different use cases.

---

## 2. Bureaucracy
* Would be classified as a medical device, where we are the manufacturers and responsibilities then lie there.
* Testing on patients in a hospital is out of the question.
* Can take the perspective of continuing the project through another semester and preparing things for another group.
* Moving the repository to a private one and not releasing any more information publicly.
  * At the moment nothing there is not already publicly available.

---

## Additional Feedback
* Assume we have the limits and continue with the device development.
* Rescope to aim for handover in week 10.
  * Documentation to support that.

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * Purchase LEDs
* Steph to:
  * Organise meeting with Chris Browne.
  * When google drive ask Chris to change repository link.
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * Reorganise Google Drive and GitHub so the Drive is the main repository.
* All:
  * Meeting with Chris to update on state of the project.
    * Roadmap and prioritise goals.
    * Update Ben on outcomes.
  * Discuss poster.
