# Meeting Minutes - 5/9/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman (called in) | |

---

## Agenda
1. Progress update

---

## 1. Progress Update
* v2.0 of the print has some issues:
  * Mounting pins did not print well.
  * The lid is ok, so might just have to reprint the base and re-examine mounting mechanism for internal hardware.
  * Having issues with the printers themselves.
* Stream is working from a desktop and streaming well.
  * Web-page takes a while to load and does not work on different machines (or browser etc.)
  * Trying to get it to start on boot.
    * At the moment it is booting as root user, not pi user and does not like loading aspects of the software.
* Website development
  * Basic site architecture created.
  * Site pages started.

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * Readjust v2.0 of the chassis and upload revisions and buttons.
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * Format documents (research summary) in the repository.
  * Create a project update
* All:
  * 