# Meeting Minutes - 18/9/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Jenny Simmons | |
| Shadow Team | |

## Agenda
1. Governance/Bureaucratic Issues
   * Medical device classification and manufacturer issues - see documents in Resources file 'Medical Device Classification' and 'Medical device manufacturer'
   * Meeting with ANUSA Lawyer - summary of outcomes in Resources 'Lawyer Meeting Summmary'
     * The safest definition is that we are a manufacturer and it is a medical device
     * Need to re-think the main outputs of the project
     * Human ethics approval needed for testing
   * Emailed Therapeutic Goods Administrations about open source project regulations
   * Emailed a course lecturer about medical devices
   * Correspondence with ANU Human ethics committee - summary in Resources 'Human Ethics Committee Correspondence'
     * Definitely need approval before any testing done
     * Will get the ball rolling on this
   * Meeting with Technology Transfer office Tuesday 18/9 in afternoon
     * Aim to get a second opinion about the medical device and manufacturer definitions and open source projects and such
     * Get a brief idea of how we could get startup funding if we decided to go that way
     * Any other advice on how to go forward with getting the device out there in the future
   * Overall changes
     * Not going to make the device open source - not going to provide a tutorial on how to make
     * Going to work on restructuring repository and review purpose and main goals of the project
     * Purpose now to product a functional prototype
     * Will still do testing, but only on ourselves and Ben
   * Can use the device as demonstrating but no taking any feedback and such
   * Client not wanting us to waste time persuing commercialisation as that is lots of documentation
2. Hardware/Software Developments
### Hardware
   * V2.1 of case failed to print several times
     - Required to order new filament
     - Printing will recommence today under full supervision
   * Testing of LEDs will commence
     - Determining an optimal mix of different wavelengths for deeper penetration
     - Final mix will be implemented into the final design

### Software

3. Feedback
   * Feedback summary now up from Audit 2 - Resources file. Full actions and justifications where necessary - feedback from that?
   * Some things no longer relevant since re-structuring the goals of the project - testing recommendations, etc
   * Starting to look into alternative methods of construction of case
   * Many comments about updating decision log; ensure decisions are well documented
   * Been seeking external opinions about a lot of these regulatory issues - aim to seek other opinions about hardware/software
   * Some comments about the distribution of jobs not being even and the distribution of and the distribution of administrative roles
   * Rotating roles
   * Progress update explicitly state how the project is progressing against each milestone - this is a good idea coming up to the end of the project and with the shift in the project goals

---

## 1. Governance/Bureaucratic Issues
*

---

## 2. Hardware/Software Developments
*

---

## 3. Feedback
*

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  *
* Steph to:
  *
* Alex to:
  *
* Joey to:
  *
* All:
  *
