# Meeting Minutes 6/10/18

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Ben Healey | |

## Agenda
1. Future of the project.
   * What the repository and website will look like.

---

## 1. Future of the project
* 

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * 
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * 
