# Meeting Minutes - 11/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | Alex Ollman |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Ben Healey| |

---

## Agenda
* Project progress update.
* We have now had our first audit
* Ranking of deliverables to prioritise their completion (refer to [ConOps](docs/CONOPS.md) for list)
* Steph needs to do a microgrant now we know exactly what we need??
* Review gantt chart of indicative schedule with Ben
* Embedded screen vs not


---

## Project team only - ConOps to work on
* Stakeholder analysis and requirements to add (Steph done in documents, not sure how best to put up on the Git)
* add contact emails to project team section
* theres some typos in the Risk Analysis


## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * Review and define clear actionable tasks resulting from the feedback from the audit
* Steph to:
  * Pass on main feedback points from audit to Ben?
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * 
