# Meeting Minutes - 14/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | Chris Bodger |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Alex Ollman | |
| Shadow Team | |
| Jenny Simmons | |
| Chris Browne | |
---

## Agenda
* Project Update
 * Second meeting with the client had this weekend (Saturday)
 * Discussed recent setback - are not able to use the Venenfinder HackADay code (Alex)
 * Initial tutorial document has been added onto the repository - First draft, currently, it only has the system installation/preparation instructions. Once more fleshed out software is complete, download and implementation instructions will be added to the document.
 * Progressing well with improved governance practices and more documentation for clarification
 

## Feedback
## Project output
 * Develop specific, measurable requirements - Requirements document created
 * Haven't yet ranked stretch goals by achieveability but in Saturday client meeting, we discussed removing one of the stretch goal, this will now be easier to do based on the requirements 
 * More engaging public landing page - currently researching best way to do this in GitHub
 * Detailed stakeholder analysis now in the ConOps
 * Clarification requested on how we are adding value to the project - Project Comparison section of ConOps created
 * Risk analysis will be developed a bit more over the next week
 
 
## Decision making
 * Decision making document asked for - plan to discuss in the next meeting (Wednesday) the best way for everyone to contribute to that, including the best way to communicate how decisions are being made
 * Question regarding software/hardware updates in the decision log - unsure how detailed this needs to be  
 * Task tracking is also currently done in the GitHub - tracking of current issues as well as previous
 * Formalise language in meeting minutes will be made a priority
 
 
## Teamwork
 * Clarification of team roles - this has now been included in the ConOps under the Project Team section
 * Conflict resolution strategy - haven't yet addressed this. Any ideas how best to approach this from the group?
 
 
## Communication
 * Main point in the feedback was decision making 
 * One point was mentioned that we haven't explicitly stated anywhere the established frequency of client meetings - this is on the landing page under meeting minutes
 * More meaningful name than 'Docs' will be done this week
 * We consider that given the nature of our project that baseline weekly update is adequate, with major events can be added on an as needed basis - would like to hear feedback on why more may be necessary?
 * Feedback on agenda separate document or otherwise spearated from the meeting minutes



---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  *
* Steph to:
  *
* Alex to:
  *
* Joey to:
  *
* All:
  *
