# Meeting Minutes - 14/8/2018

| Attending: | Absent: |
| :---: | :---: |
| Joey McPhail | |
| Steph Pratt | |
| Chris Bodger | |
| Alex Ollman | |

---

## Agenda
1. Client has pointed the veincam.org domain to his GitHub pages site so Chris should be able to add veincam.org in the custom domain field for the project and have it propogate through. Any issues Ben will discuss with you on the weekend
2. Open day Saturday - confirmation from Client, waiting on information from Convenor
3. Work diary up to date
4. Preparation for Audit 2 - everyone to review Assessment guide section 2.6.2 Audit progress criteria on standards of elements of the project
* Review based on the scope of the project and the milestones established in the ConOps
* Include information that should be able to be found/navigated to from the Landing Page
  * Work up to date, accessible and navigable within your repository
  * baseline systems engineering governance: a requirements analysis, functional analysis and system architecture for your design
  * technical artefacts: initial prototypes or drafts of project outputs
  * progress against each criterion


---

## 1. 
* 

---

## Actionables
* Chris to:
  * 
* Steph to:
  * 
* Alex to:
  * 
* Joey to:
  * 
* All:
  * 
